Fantasy sports have become wildly popular in the last few years. Once just a past-time for zealous fans, they have become a major
industry. Daily sports leagues give out millions in winnings, and there's even a television show based around a football league.
However, things could be improved. The projections made by ESPN and the like are rarely accurate, and for a casual player, it's
difficult to compare players. That's where our project comes in. We've made a website that lets fantasy owners add players to a
fantasy basketball team. There are three main facets of our website: adding players to a fantasy team, projecting their scores, and 
comparing them to the most similar player currently in the NBA.

First, a user needs to register for our website. This allows us to keep track of the users similar to CS50Finance. After they
register, the user will see an index page. On top of the screen, there are four tabs: add, drop, player search, and compare. The add
tab will allow the user to create a fantasy team with available NBA players. The website is designed for a single league, and any
player that gets added to a team will not be able to be added to any other team. Drop will just take the player off the team. The
home page, or index, that appears when the user logs in will show them their team and projected fantasy stats. Using a machine
learning linear regression algorithm, we were able to project every NBA player's average field goal and free throw percentage, total
rebounds, assists, three pointers made, points, blocks, and steals per game for the entire 2016-17 season. This website will be
particularly useful when drafting a team at the beginning of the season, and finding potential trades between big names and
comparable players.

Outside of the projections, we also have the compare tab. This is the crux of our project. Being able to target players on the
waiver wire can be difficult if someone doesn't pay a lot of attention to every game played. We've made an incredibly useful
comparison model. This enables owners to type in a current player's name, and we spit out the most statistically similar players in
the league. While it's obvious that LeBron James is an elite player, it may not be as obvious to a casual owner that lower caliber
players like Damian Lillard and Jae Crowder are statistically similar. Having this function will allow owners to target lower tier
players on the waiver wire, through trades, and in the draft.

All the projections and z-scores for the comparisons were done offline. All a user needs to do is access the website and fill in
any user prompts the website gives them.

Unfortunately, there were a few things we were unable to accomplish due to our lack of access to various algorithms and data. First,
because no rookies were in the league last year and our algorithm was based on previous seasons' performance, we are unable to
project rookies. Therefore, we didn't include rookies in the database, so users won't be able to look them up - it will just tell
them to input a valid player, the same way as if they were to type a retied player or the name of someone not in the NBA. Because of
our of access to any kind of algorithm, we had to make our own. We were only able to use stats from before the season started, so
our website only  works as a prediction for the entire season rather than projecting week by week like most fantasy sites do.